fend/README.md, before:

# DevTinder

- Create the React app
- Remove unecessary files
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Component UI daisyUI
- Install daisy UI
- Add NavBar component to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.js separate the component file
- Install react-router-dom
-

- H/W
- -- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/  Body > RouteChildren
- -- Create an Outlet in your body Component
- -- Create the Footer 

- -- install the axios
- -- install cors in backend => add middleware to with configurations: origin, credentioals:true
-  -- Whenever you're making API call so pass { withCreatials: true}
- --Install Redux toolkit -offial doc

- -- install react-redux + @reduxjs/toolkit => configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
- -- Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
- -- NavBar should update as soon as user logs in
- -- Refactor our code to add constants file + create a components folder


- Body 
- -- NavBar
- -- Router/ => Feed
- -- Router=/login => Login
- -- Router=/connections => Connections
- -- Router=/profile => Profile

Commit message:

redirect to login if not authenticated

fend/README.md, after:

# DevTinder

- Create the React app
- Remove unecessary files
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Component UI daisyUI
- Install daisy UI
- Add NavBar component to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.js separate the component file
- Install react-router-dom
-

- H/W
- -- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route=/  Body > RouteChildren
- -- Create an Outlet in your body Component
- -- Create the Footer 

- -- install the axios
- -- install cors in backend => add middleware to with configurations: origin, credentioals:true
-  -- Whenever you're making API call so pass { withCreatials: true}
- --Install Redux toolkit -offial doc

- -- install react-redux + @reduxjs/toolkit => configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
- -- Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
- -- NavBar should update as soon as user logs in
- -- Refactor our code to add constants file + create a components folder
- -- You should not be access other routes without login
- -- If taken is not present, redirect user to login page
- -- LogOut




- Body 
- -- NavBar
- -- Router/ => Feed
- -- Router=/login => Login
- -- Router=/connections => Connections
- -- Router=/profile => Profile
